Fix parentless spawning. (#7237)
cylc/cylc-flow: changes.d/7237.fix.md

Fixed a bug that could cause premature shutdown or stall if a parented instance 

> of a sometimes parentless task ended up at the runahead limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed premature shutdown or stall when a task that doesn't have parents in all cycles ended up at the runahead limit.
```

Author: Your version isn't quite correct - it has to be a parented instance of such a task at the rh limit. ... I'll try to combine yours and mine:

Author: > Fixed stall or premature shutdown caused by parented tasks at the runahead limit that have no parents in some other cycles.
